Add Frappe Framework (#1305)
vinta/awesome-python: README.md

        * [awesome-django](https://github.com/shahraizali/awesome-django)
    * [Flask](http://flask.pocoo.org/) - A microframework for Python.
        * [awesome-flask](https://github.com/humiaozuzu/awesome-flask)

>     * [Frappe](https://frappe.io/frappe) - A batteries included, full stack, metadata driven web framework with a rich UI for building fast and scalable apps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * [Frappe Framework](https://frappeframework.com) - A batteries included, full stack, metadata driven web framework with a rich UI for building fast and scalable apps.
```
